Secrets documentation (#6)
edgelesssys/marblerun.sh: content/docs/features/secrets-management.md

## TLS credentials

> The Coordinator will generate a private TLS key for each new Marble and issue a corresponding X.509 certificate. Both are injected via the `{{ pem .Marblerun.MarbleCert.Private }}` and `{{ pem .Marblerun.MarbleCert.Cert }}` placeholders in the Manifest, respectively. Marbles use these TLS credentials for communicating internally and externally. External clients can verify a Marble's certificate with respect to the Coordinator's certificate.
> 
> ## User-definable secrets
> Next to the predefined secrets, Marblerun also allows to specify additional secrets which can be generated on-the-fly and be either confined to a single marble, or shared across all of them. These can be either symmetric keys or certificates, which can be referenced via the `{{ .Secret }}` prefix and loaded into environment variables or a file, similar to the predefined keys and their placeholders. Name, size and duration of validity (for certificates) are user-definable, and supported output formats are `raw`, `hex`, `base64` or `pem`.
> 
> Keys and certificates which are set to be unique to a marble are not stored on disk automatically, but are generated each time a marble is activated. For symmetric keys, hkdf is used with an embedded secret to deterministically generate the same key every time. X.509 certificates are newly generated on every launch with the Coordinator's root CA certificate as the issuer. 
> 
> This means that support for certificate pinning is not available so far. In case you need to pin a certificate, you should consider to set the secret to be shared across all marbles (which get stored in the coordinator's sealed state), or to generate a fixed one in your application logic itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Coordinator will generate a private TLS key for each new Marble and issue a corresponding X.509 certificate. Both are injected via the `{{ pem .Marblerun.MarbleCert.Private }}` and `{{ pem .Marblerun.MarbleCert.Cert }}` placeholders in the Manifest, respectively. The certificate is signed by the Coordinator's RootCA. Marbles can use these TLS credentials for establishing trust and secure communication channels internally between other Marbles and externally between clients. A Marble's certificate can be verified with respect to the Coordinator's RootCA certificate. The RootCA certificate can be injected into Marbles via the  `{{ pem .Marblerun.RootCA.Cert }}` placeholder. External clients can retrieve it in the remote attestation process described [here](({{< ref "docs/tasks/verification.md" >}})) in detail.

## User-definable secrets
Next to the predefined secrets, Marblerun also allows specifying additional secrets that can be generated on-the-fly and be either confined to a single marble or shared across all of them. These can be either symmetric keys or certificates, which can be referenced via the `{{ .Secret }}` prefix and loaded into environment variables or a file, similar to the predefined keys and their placeholders. Name, size, and duration of validity (for certificates) are user-definable, and supported output formats are `raw`, `hex`, `base64`, or `pem`.

Keys and certificates which are set to be unique to a Marble are not persisted on the disk automatically. They are generated by the Coordinator when a Marble is activated. For symmetric keys, the [HKDF](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5869) scheme is used with an embedded secret to deterministically derive the same key across multiple activations of the same marble. Fresh X.509 certificates are generated on every activation with the Coordinator's root CA certificate as the issuer. 

This means that support for certificate pinning is not available so far. In case you need to pin a certificate, you should consider setting the secret to be shared across all marbles or to generate a fixed one in your application logic itself.
```

> This means that support for certificate pinning is not available so far. In case you need to pin a certificate, you should consider setting the secret to be shared across all marbles or to generate a fixed one in your application logic itself.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure whether we should have these implementation details in the documentation for the end user. Maybe just mention the consequences? Or leave it out completely and add the feature if someone complains about it?

Author: I think stuff like the output formats, what exactly is definable etc. can be removed as it is mentioned in the manifest definition. 

About the implementation details... I'm not quite sure, the other sections are also pretty technical and mention certain points and security implications. I think it's important to mention that these generated certificates cannot be used for certificate pinning. After all, an user searching for a solution for confidential computing would care about features which ensure confidentiality, right? So leaving it undocumented does not seem like a great idea to me, but maybe we can move it somewhere else if it looks out of place here.
